Welcome to Workbook 2.3.
I've already gone ahead and launched the Starter Project so we can move right into Task One, which
is inside the handler method at a speed of 45 as a model attribute.
Simple enough, right over here.
Well, first, we need access to the model.
Model.
And then we can say model DOT at attribute.
The attribute will have a key of speed that maps to a value of 45.
All right.
And then inside sign HTML, create a header tag that displays the speed.
Simple enough.
We'll go over to templates.
We'll say h one.
Each one.
And actually, I hope this made you think of a triumph expression, because what we're going to have
to do is say, leave text.
And we're going to set this equal to a text.
And when you're writing a plain old string inside of a of expression, you should remember to wrap it
inside of single quotes.
So the string is going to be speed, colon, empty space.
That's going to be our string.
So we can concatenate this static string with the result of a variable expression by using the plus
symbol, and then we can use a variable expression to grab the speed from our model.
So this should say speed 45.
I'm not going to run the code just yet.
Let's do just a little more.
And then it says Create an image element that displays slow down only if the speed is higher than 60.
So here I can create an image element.
This image element will only display if the speed is higher than 60.
So we'll set it equal to a variable expression.
And we'll say if the speed.
Is higher than 60.
Then we want to display an image from our static folder.
So if you go to static slash images, slash slowdown PNG.
That's what we want to display.
If they're going too fast.
I think that's it.
Use timely for timely fun less give the image a with the 200.
Let's give it a width of 200.
Going back here create an image element that displays the speed limit if the speed is lower than 60.
So I'll just copy the following.
And instead of saying Finally F, f, I will say file if unless, which is going to evaluate the opposite
condition.
And if that happens to be the case, if they're going lower than 60 will display will remind them of
the speed limit.
Okay.
I think we're ready to run our code and run these test cases.
May have been clean.
Spring boots run.
Okay.
It will say local host 80.
80.
Speed of 45 reminds them of the speed limit.
What are what were some other test cases?
What if we put 70?
So from our controller, we'll pass in a model attribute of speed that maps to a value of 70.
We run our code.
It tells them to slow down.
Beautiful.